[SOUMA] When it comes to how
people view so‐called monsters,
there's a distinct difference
between this world
I was summoned to and
the one that I came from.
Back in my world, monsters are
not seen as people or animals,
but basically a separate
class of creature.
Things are different here.
They fall into both categories.
Some are seen as people,
some as animals.
To be more specific, humans,
elves, beastmen, and dragonewts
all exist under the
label of "mankind."
As for the wildlife, even
though they look like dinosaurs,
giant lizards are seen merely
as common reptiles.
An ant the size of a person
isn't the least bit shocking,
and man‐eating flora are still
regarded as simply plants.
Incidentally, dragons
are known as Godbeasts,
and are treated differently.
The reason they're not
called monsters is because
they are incorporated into
the world's ecosystem.
So gelins, a slime creature
which to me looks like
something out of a sci‐fi movie,
are treated here
as a common animal with
an important role to play.
So what does qualify
as a monster here?
Mostly creatures that look like
fusions of various animals.
Among their ranks are many
beings that are relatively
humanlike in form but no
different from a common beast
in terms of intelligence.
Or so I thought when I
started recruiting talent.
Until a mystic wolf girl
responded to the call
and told me something that
threatened to shake
this world to its core.
See?
Now you don't have to
raise your voice so much.
There's no reason to be shy.
[SOUMA gasps]
You're absolutely sure?
[TOMOE]
Y‐Yes.
[SOUMA] Have you told
anyone else about this?
No one. I mean, besides
you and my mother.
[SOUMA]
Remain calm.
Keep breathing normally.
Don't let anyone see
how shaken you are.
Your request has
been duly noted.
While I cannot promise
you anything,
I'll consider it.
Oh, Marx.
Sire?
Her talent's truly a unique one.
I'll need some more
time to reflect on
how to effectively use it.
We'll have a discussion
on it later.
As you wish, your highness.
My capable guests.
For answering my summons,
I am eternally grateful.
I ask you now to lend
us your aid in reviving
the kingdom. Please.
[GROUP]
Yes, sire.
So... I, uh...
You said you wanted to talk
to me about something
that was important?
[SOUMA] Back in the chamber,
when she whispered to me,
is it possible anyone in
the audience heard her?
I know I didn't hear anything.
No. She was speaking
far too quietly, sire.
My ears didn't pick up
a single word, either.
Sounds like there was
no danger that it went
over the Gemstone
Broadcast then.
I don't think we have to worry.
It shouldn't be sensitive
enough to pick up whispering.
Whatever she said
to you must be serious
if you're this concerned
about it getting out.
Yeah.
So she can converse
with the animals.
You heard that part, right?
[LISCIA]
Yes.
[MARX] Not only does she
know what they're saying,
but somehow, they're
able to understand
what she says in return.
It's no stretch to call
her talent phenomenal.
Yes, even more so because she
can also speak to demons.
[NARRATOR] Up to this point,
it was thought the monsters
of this world possessed
intelligence equal to that
of an animal's.
However, among the
Demon Lord Domain's ranks
were those who acted in teams,
using weapons and magic
and behaving almost as
though they were no different
than people.
The humans began referring to
these particular beasts
as "demons" to distinguish
them from the others.
True, these demons were
different from other monsters.
But despite being able to
demonstrate intelligence,
there was still one crucial
component that separated them
from the other races
and breeds of the land.
Demons could not be understood.
Their language was unlike
any tongue used by
the rest of the world.
Unintelligible.
You spoke to a demon?
But that isn't possible!
No one can understand
what demons say!
[LUDWIN] Tell us everything
that happened, in detail.
Well...
The demon I spoke with in
the woods was pretty short.
And he had a face that
looked pretty much exactly
like a dog's.
I went into the mountains
to pick wild vegetables,
that's where I ran into him.
Before I could think,
I yelled out "Help!"
Then, to my surprise, he said,
"You can understand me?"
He seemed as shocked as I was.
My guess, he must
have been a scout.
At least, that's what it
looked like he was doing.
He said "We have the same scent.
I couldn't bear
watching you die.
Go on and run away, quickly."
And so that's what I did.
Meaning a demon
actually showed sympathy?
It's possible this was an
isolated event and only
a handful of demons would
let a mystic wolf escape.
But even if it's
only a fraction,
there are demons we
can communicate with,
which could alter our
situation dramatically.
What do you mean by that?
Are you saying we can
negotiate with these demons
and take back the lands
lost in the war?
[SOUMA sighs]
It would be nice if things
took a turn in that direction.
But as of this moment,
the nations of mankind
are joined together,
facing off against
the Demon Lord's Domain.
Simply because the demons
are seen as our enemy.
One that is irreconcilably
at odds with us.
As soon as people learn we
have a way of communicating
with their kind, there's a big
chance one or more nations
around us will try and forge
an alliance with them.
No, they would never do that.
I'm no expert, but our
worlds have similarities.
There are conflicts between
nations here, aren't there?
Those who would want
to gain the upper hand.
Yes. Just to the west of us,
there resides the
Principality of Amidonia.
Under our previous king,
we had a conflict
with their country.
In an effort to keep Demon
Lord's Domain from spreading,
we are all working
hand‐in‐hand with
the Gran Chaos Empire
leading the way.
However, mankind is
not unified or immune
from warring with itself.
You're right.
There are those who'd
exploit her power.
But I'm only bringing up
one possible scenario
since there really is
no telling what would
ultimately happen.
After all, communicating
with demons was thought
to be impossible.
The fact that we can is sure
to shake up this world.
We have to be
cautious about this.
Very much so.
We can't afford a word
of this to leak
and become public knowledge.
Exactly.
But most importantly, the
kingdom has to safeguard her
with all the tools
at its disposal.
You... you mean protect me?
[SOUMA]
Yeah.
In the grand scheme of things,
you're far more important
than even I am.
You could shift the tide
of this war and change
the relationship between
mankind and demons.
No way, me? Surely you're
exaggerating a little.
[SOUMA] I'd like a royal
guard to watch over her.
Will you see to it?
[LUDWIN]
As you wish.
One concern, if we surround
her with knights,
would that not arise
greater suspicion?
[TOMOE gasps]
[LUDWIN]
Very true.
One minute she's
a simple peasant girl,
and the next thing you know,
she's surrounded by
the royal guard.
People will inevitably
think there's more at play.
Hmm. You're right.
Someone might get suspicious
and start snooping around.
In that case, why not
simply welcome her
into the castle as royalty?
Huh? We can do
something like that?
Of course.
It's not usually difficult.
Your Majesty would
simply adopt her,
but seeing how you're not yet
wedded to Princess Liscia,
it's not possible right now.
And speaking of the wedding,
preparations would take
more than a year to complete.
Well, that's that.
I wasn't trying to rush it!
Anything else?
[MARX] Your Majesty could take
her as your secondary consort.
A consort? Are you insane?
In this kingdom,
the law states for a child
to be a princess consort who
is in line for the throne,
her standing must be that
of a knight or better.
But as long as she's
not a princess consort,
there should be no problem.
[SOUMA]
Yeah, that's not the issue here!
By the way, how old are you?
I'm ten years old.
Perfect!
That is well within the
allowable range, Your Majesty,
and for a political marriage,
not exceptional.
Even so, that's far too young.
[SOUMA] It's not like I need
you to convince me!
And why can't the previous
king and queen adopt her?
Umm... Yes, I suppose
that would work.
[LISCIA]
It absolutely will!
I've always wanted
a little sister.
‐‐[LISCIA squeals]
‐‐Wait a minute!
I'm sorry, but I'm not
so sure about this!
'Cause... I already have
a family of my own!
My mother and brother
are waiting for me
back at the refugee camp.
[SOUMA]
It's all right.
You see, Tomoe, it's more of
a formality just to make sure
you're well protected.
If you become my little sister,
your mother and brother
will also become my relatives.
They'll be able to live here
in the castle with you.
Oh, well, in that case, I agree.
Marx, allow some time to
pass before the adoption,
and then we'll make
the announcement.
If we rush into this without
warning, it'll look strange
and pretty much defeat
the whole purpose.
A wise decision, Your Majesty.
In the meantime, I would still
like to keep her safe.
You wish to give Miss Tomoe a
role which would require her
to stay within
the castle, correct?
I do.
Let's see.
Then in recognition of her
ability to talk to animals,
how about putting her
in charge of the horses
that draw Your
Majesty's carriage?
[SOUMA]
Great idea.
Let's go with that.
Sound okay to you?
Oh! Yes!
[TOMOE chuckles]
So, what exactly is
going on here?
Isn't it obvious? I'm sewing.
[LISCIA]
That part I get.
But I'm wondering why
you're doing it in my room.
I had some downtime and
needed some place to relax.
Everyone in the state affairs
office is working hard.
Why don't you just have my
father give up his room already
so you can use it as your own?
Maybe.
Then again, for efficiency's
sake, it's probably better
for me to sleep in the
office I have to work in
every day.
There are definitely other
rooms in the castle.
By the way, what has
Tomoe been up to?
Ever since she got here,
you've been doting on her
like a big sister.
Lately, my mother has
taken a liking to her.
She won't leave her side.
Sure, Tomoe was a
little hesitant at first,
but now she's delighted
to have a second mother,
so I guess everything
worked out fine.
[knocking]
It's okay. You may enter.
[SERINA giggles]
Just a‐‐! Don't read
anything into this!
Seriously? He's back already?]
Yes, and should be waiting
for you in the reception room.
No time to waste, Liscia!
[LISCIA]
Hey‐‐
[SERINA chuckles]
[SOUMA]
Welcome back, Poncho.
So, was the expedition
successful?
Oh, very.
In large part because you let
me use the royal wyvern
for traveling.
I was able to hit every one
of my locations faster
than I expected.
I gathered pretty much every
type of food I was after
without any complications.
Wait, you mean you also
lent him the hero sack?
That's right.
It's far bigger on the inside
than it looks on the outside.
Plus, whatever you store inside
it is less prone to spoilage.
The perfect tool
for gathering food.
You mean the same satchel
that's part of our hero
gear collection, one of the
kingdom's crown treasures?
And you're using it to
haul around a bunch of‐‐
We'll move past that.
What've you got planned anyway,
going through such lengths to
send him out and gather food?
What do I have planned?
Something that'll do
the kingdom a little good.
I hope.
[LISCIA]
Huh?
I hope that everyone
in the Elfrieden Kingdom
is having a great day!
I, um, do as well.
And this is "The King's
Brilliant Lunch,"
a program meant to provide
information directly
from Parnam Castle to you,
the people of this nation.
Or we can just shorten it
to "The King's Brillunch."
I'm your host, Juna Doma,
and with me...
I'm, uh, Poncho Panacotta,
connoisseur of eating
and all things food.
We're only addressing
the entire kingdom!
There's no reason to be nervous.
[PONCHO]
W‐Well, the thing is...
I'm not used to
presenting to a crowd.
As a born entertainer, I'm sure
this must come natural to you.
I'm really quite envious,
Miss Juna.
It's true, I'm no stranger to
entertaining large audiences.
Speaking of which,
whenever you're in Parnam,
you might want to visit Lorelei,
the cute café where
I work, and say hello!
I sing there from time to time,
so stop on by if you're around.
If we could refrain from any
blatant endorsements.
Now then, to go into the
specifics of the show,
we'll now give the floor
to this gentleman:
Um, you know him
as Elfrieden's 14th king.
His Majesty, Souma Kazuya.
The truth is, I haven't
actually been crowned yet.
So technically I don't
deserve the title.
Hey. Greetings.
I'm acting ruler of the
nation, Souma Kazuya.
And as you're probably aware,
the country is suffering
from a massive shortage of food.
As the chief administrator,
it's I who should be
held responsible.
I apologize to you, the people.
[CITIZENS gasp]
While we're moving
forward with a plan
to immediately increase
our food production,
it will take time and I
ask you to be patient.
Until it's resolved, we will
keep making regular broadcasts.
Our goal is to
educate and inform.
We'll introduce new foods,
a few of which you may not be
accustomed to eating,
but are quite plentiful.
As well as the different
ways to prepare them.
And, to prove these
strange items are delicious,
I've arranged a panel
of blind taste testers
who have not been
informed beforehand
what sort of dishes are
being served to them today.
Okay, then, let's get
started, shall we?
Poncho, why don't we reveal
the first food you have for us.
Ah. Of course.
Our first dish is...
[GROUP gasps]
I thought we were tasting food.
You're not gonna serve
that to us, are you?
Hope you're all hungry.
[LISCIA, AISHA squeal]
A perfectly reasonable reaction
considering its appearance,
but as a coastal dweller who has
eaten these creatures before,
trust me, they are quite yummy.
Ugh, Juna, you ate one of
these and actually liked it?
Yes!
They're a traditional delicacy
back in my homeland.
What do y'know?
I'm not going to lie, that's
starting to smell pretty good.
All right, go ahead and try one.
It's delicious, whatever it is!
Hey, you're right!
This really is yummy!
Wow, those are pretty tasty.
One serving isn't enough.
Would you mind if I helped
myself to one as well, sire?
Please, be my guest.
[AISHA]
So good!
[LISCIA]
These are incredible!
[JUNA] They're so full
of flavor, aren't they?
When you bite through
the crispy coating,
inside's the octopus,
and it's so juicy!
Daddy.
We caught a whole bunch of
octopuses in our net today,
didn't we?
Sure did.
Usually we'd toss 'em all out,
but let's give them a try.
Moving right along,
here is our next food item.
I know these.
They're tree roots, right?
They don't look all that
tasty, if you ask me.
Are you sure that we
can even eat them?
You've never had a
burdock root before?
[SOUMA] It sounds like you're
familiar with these, Aisha.
It's hard for me to
imagine anyone wanting
to chew on a root.
Well, in the forest you
have to cook and harvest
whatever nature provides,
otherwise, you won't survive.
I had no idea.
[SOUMA]
A little salt here.
A little sugar there.
All right. It's chow time.
They're crispy, and the
salt lends them a lot of
extra flavor.
When I bite into one,
the oil comes off
and mixes together
with the sugar,
giving off an explosion of
sweetness that tantalizes
the taste buds.
I can't wait until my mother
gets a chance to try
these snacks!
[AISHA]
When you eat both kinds at once,
they're sweet, salty,
and oh so good!
Your Majesty, do you have
any more of these?
From what I've seen,
Aisha sure seems to be
content, huh, Brother?
Yes. It appears so.
You'll understand why
I cooked the next meal
ahead of time after you see it.
[AISHA, LISCIA gasp]
You do not expect us
to eat insects.
Funny, I could've sworn
you were just telling us
how you had to eat everything
in the forest to survive.
And for some reason you
assumed that extended to bugs?
You would have to be
mad to eat these.
[TOMOE munching]
That hit the spot.
It's almost like
being back home.
Can't beat bean‐boiled locusts!
Bean‐boiled?
So did you use some
kind of extract?
Precisely.
I primarily seasoned them
using a combination
of both mashwater and sugar.
[SOUMA]
Never heard of it.
[PONCHO]
Mashwater is a condiment.
I find that mystic wolves
greatly enjoy the flavor.
More specifically, it's referred
to as bean mashwater,
which is made from salting
beans to ferment them.
They continue skimming
layers of liquid that forms
during the process,
and after fermenting it,
you end up with mashwater.
Both of them are
extremely unique flavors
not typically known or
available in the kingdom.
Truly.
[SOUMA] In other words,
the bean product is miso
and the mashwater is soy sauce.
Souma. You're really
going to eat that?
[LISCIA]
Uh... Wait... Are you crying?
I can't stop myself
from tearing up...
This is...
Yep, a flavor from my homeland.
Insects are a dish
in your world?
With every bite, the flavor
of Japan spreads
throughout my mouth.
Not only does this world have
soy sauce, but miso, too.
I no longer have to
dream about the flavors
I loved so much
being only a memory.
[SOUMA whimpers]
Pardon, Your Majesty.
I don't mean to interrupt,
especially when you're so moved,
but would it be all right if we
continued to the next dish?
[SOUMA]
Huh?
Oh. Yeah. My apologies.
On with the show, as they say.
We can't wait, Poncho.
What do you have for us next?
Ah, yes! I think this one
will surprise you!
[LISCIA gasps]
[AISHA gasps]
[TOMOE gasps]